Right.
Jin Gao: Hey, Shannon, have you seen the new Evs? They are not only good for the environment, but also loaded, loaded with the latest tech.
ChenAn Shen: I've seen them, Jean. They look great. But on there still, big issues like charging stations, are hard to find. And aren't they still more expensive?
Jin Gao: Well, yeah, it is true that charging infrastructure needs catching up.
Jin Gao: but it's growing quickly. Many cities are adding stations every day. As for cost prices have been falling, and don't forget the savings on gas and maintenance.
ChenAn Shen: But what about long trips? Though if I plan to drive cross country, am I not going to face issues with charging times and availability.
Jin Gao: Well, that's a fair point. However.
Jin Gao: newer models are pushing 300 miles per charge, plus fast chargers can give you to 80% in under an hour
Jin Gao: is becoming more practical.
ChenAn Shen: Well, I guess, for city driving babies make a lot of sense. But there's still the environmental cost of batteries. Mining for lithium cobalt. Isn't that troubling.
Jin Gao: Well, definitely a concern. Hmm, and not something to overlook.
Jin Gao: But the industry is moving towards more sustainable practices and materials.
Jin Gao: plus overall ebs. Still have a smaller carbon footprint compared to few cars.
ChenAn Shen: How do you handle battery disposal? Isn't that an environmental hazard, too.
Jin Gao: Many companies are working on recycling programs to handle end of life end of life batteries.
Jin Gao: The technology for battery disposal is improving, improving, aiming and reclaiming and use
Jin Gao: will reuse materials.
ChenAn Shen: It seems like there's progress, but maybe it's too soon to switch completely. Perhaps hybrids are a good middle ground, for now.
Jin Gao: Hybrids could be a great step for many.
Jin Gao: They combine the best of the both words, and it's all about having choices that feed different needs.
Jin Gao: The important thing is we if we keep moving toward more sustainable options.
ChenAn Shen: Who
ChenAn Shen: I think I need to look into this more, maybe test, drive, and ev sometime, and see how it feels.
Jin Gao: Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Let's keep this conversation going and check out some options together.
Jin Gao: It is an exciting time for car technology.